
Term Posted:	2025 Spring
Position Type:	Co-op
Co-op Program:	Computing Science
Job Title:	Embedded Software Developer (Co-op) REPOST
Job Description:	This is a repost. If you applied for job 122018 please do not apply to this posting as your application is already under review.

As a developer at Zaber, you will work on projects critical to Zaber's motion control product line. This is a great opportunity to learn how to develop embedded software in a commercial environment from the requirements gathering stage to implementation and testing. The code you write will be released and in the hands of real customers. You'll participate in our thorough code review process with some of our experienced developers.

You'll join, and be mentored by, a team of developers building the next generation of motion control software, targeting high speed and high torque applications, which require nanometer accuracy. You'll work on products that need to perform real-time motor control while minimizing complexity for end-users.

Zaber manufactures precision motion control equipment for applications in fields such as photonics, biotechnology, aerospace, and semiconductor engineering. For the past 20 years, Zaber has provided powerful motion control solutions for industry and for scientific research.

Embedded Software Developer Responsibilities
In this position, you'll work as part of a team to implement and expand the features used to control our actuators and stages. The work is varied, and you can expect to:
Design and implement features in C++ on an ARM microcontroller (you'll be working on this API).
Collect requirements from other teams (e.g. Customer Support, Mechanical, and/or Production) and use them to design new features.
Write unit and integration tests.
Research and deploy tools to manage our workflow.
Document code and embedded software features for developers, internal users, and customers.
Check out what our previous co-ops have worked on here.

Embedded Software Developer Qualifications
You have experience programming and you are familiar with best development and testing practices.
You dig deep and seek to understand the fundamental concepts of whichever programming language you're using.
You are experienced with C++ (use in low-level or systems programming is a bonus).
You are excited to write software that makes things move in the real world, and are interested in mechatronics.
You like problem solving, challenges, and the process of learning - you dive in when you see behaviour you don't think makes sense.
You are enthusiastic about working on a Firmware team.
You pay attention to details and have thorough testing and documentation practices.
You are currently enrolled in a degree or diploma program.

Embedded Software Developer Details
Wage: $24 - $28/hour depending on experience.
Start Date: January 2025
Length of position: 8 months preferred
To learn more about our company culture and previous co-op experiences, visit our careers page.
Work Location Type:	Onsite
International Position?:	No
Job Location City:	Vancouver
Job Location Province/State:	British Columbia
Job Location Country:	Canada
Duration:	4 or 8-month
Number of Positions:	1
Salary (Low end):	24
Salary (High end):	28
Payment Frequency:	Hourly
Salary:	$24.00 hourly for 40 hours per week
Application Information
Application Deadline:	October 21, 2024 12:00 PM
Application Documents Required:	SIS - Student Info Summary,Resume
Application Method:	Apply on employer's website and upload documents to myExperience
https://www.zaber.com/careers/job?gh_jid=7671888002
Company Info
Organization:	Zaber Technologies Inc.
Division:	Zaber Technologies Inc.
Salutation:	Mr.
Job Contact First Name:	Adam
Job Contact Last Name:	Hurrell
Contact Title:	Talent Acquisition Specialist
Website:	https://www.zaber.com/careers/student-opportunities
Address Line One:	605 W Kent Avenue North
Address Line Two:	Unit 2
City:	Vancouver
Province / State:	British Columbia
Postal Code / Zip Code:	V6P 6T7
Country:	Canada